feat: Ash Wallet docs (#108)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/ash-wallet/safe-creation.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Safe Creation

:::info
Already have a Safe account that's not displayed in Ash Wallet? You can import it into Ash Wallet (see [Import existing Safe](/docs/ash-wallet/import-safe)).
:::

To create a new Safe, navigate to **Ash Wallet** and click on the **Create Account** button.

> You can name the Safe account and choose on which L1 it will be created. In this case we are naming "My C-Chain Safe" and creating it on the **Avalanche C-Chain**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can name the Safe account and choose on which L1(s) it will be created. In this case we are naming "My C-Chain Safe" and creating it on the **Avalanche C-Chain**:
```

![Safe Creation](/img/ash-wallet-create-safe-1.png)

> In the next scree, we can choose the number of signers, there addresses and the treshold of signatures required to sign a transaction. In this case we are choosing **3 signers** and a treshold of **2/3**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next screen, we can choose the number of signers, their addresses, and the threshold of signatures required to sign a transaction. In this case we are choosing **3 signers** and a treshold of **2/3**:
```

![Safe Creation](/img/ash-wallet-create-safe-2.png)

:::tip

> The treshold can be later on after the Safe is created (see [Manage signers](/docs/ash-wallet/manage-signers)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The threshold can be updated later after the Safe is created (see [Manage signers](/docs/ash-wallet/manage-signers)).
```
